SO HOW YOU LIKING
YOUR STAY HERE, YUSEI?
SO FAR, SO GOOD.
WELL, THAT'LL CHANGE
SOON ENOUGH!
CHIEF ARMSTRONG.
WE HAVE THE KID.
ARE YOU READY FOR HIM?
YES.
Prisoner: I CANT BELIEVE
YUSEI WON
AND HE DIDN'T EVEN ATTACK ONCE.
Different prisoner:
YEAH, THAT WAS
AMAZING.
I BETTER HIDE YOU GUYS.
GRAMPS!
IS YUSEI BACK?
I'M STARTING TO WORRY
ABOUT WHAT THE CHIEF
WANTS HIM FOR.
OH, HE'S FINE!
IT'S JUST ROUTINE!
IT'S NOT "JUST ROUTINE."
THERE ARE ONLY TWO WAYS
YOU GET TO MEET THE CHIEF:
YOU MAKE A MEAN BARBECUE SAUCE,
OR HE'S MAD.
AND YUSEI MAY KNOW HOW
TO DUEL LIKE A PRO,
BUT I GOTTA FEELING
HE DOESN'T KNOW SQUAT
ABOUT BARBECUE!
SO HOW DO YOU LIKE THE FACILITY
SO FAR, YUSEI?
I'M SURE IT SMELLS BETTER
THAN WHAT YOUR USED TO
IN THE SATELLITE,
AS DOES MY ANCHOVY
AND ONION BREATH,
DON'T YOU THINK?
UHH...
[GRUNTING]
RUMOR HAS IT THAT YOU
MIGHT BE HIDING SOMETHING.
AND IT'S MY JOB
TO FIND OUT IF YOU ARE.
TAKE'IM, YOU TWO!
HEH! AND RUN YOUR TESTS.
FIND OUT WHAT THIS PUNK'S
HIDING.
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
JUST LIE STILL,
AND DON'T MOVE
A MUSCLE.
Computer:
ANALYZING GENETIC MAKE-UP.
DNA TESTING COMPLETE.
NOW, YOU BETTER HOPE
WE FIND WHAT WE'RE
SUPPOSED TO FIND,
AND SOON.
'CAUSE IF YOU MAKE ME
MISS LUNCH,
YOU AND I ARE GONNA
HAVE BIG, BIG PROBLEMS,
SATELLITE!
SEE, WHEN MY
BLOOD SUGAR LEVEL
GETS TOO LOW,
I GET CRANKY, ANGRY,
AND SUPER MEAN!
HE'S WITH HIM
RIGHT NOW.
THOUGH HE HASN'T
FOUND THE SIGN
AS OF YET.
I DOUBT THE CHIEF
COULD FIND ANYTHING
THAT WASN'T LATHERED
IN A SWEET HONEY GLAZE.
Lazar: THEY'RE
CONTINUING TO RUN ALL
THE NORMAL TESTS,
BUT WITH NO RESULTS.
HERE'S YUSEI'S FILE, SIR.
LIVES IN THE SATELLITE,
A FEW RUN-INS
WITH SECTOR SECURITY.
APTITUDES INCLUDE
DUELING, MECHANICAL
ENGINEERING
[GROWL]
THERE'S NOTHING
ABOUT WHO HE IS
OR WHERE HE CAME FROM!
WE'RE... HEH HEH...
WORKING ON THAT
AS WE SPEAK, MR. GOODWIN!
BUT YOU HAVE TO CONSIDER,
HE MAY NOT BE AS SPECIAL
AS WE HOPE HE IS.
IT IS TIME I TAKE
A TRIP TO THE FACILITY.
I NEED TO OBSERVE
THIS SATELLITE
FIRSTHAND
TO SEE WHETHER
OR NOT YOU'RE RIGHT.
AND SHALL I INFORM THE CHIEF
OF YOUR IMPENDING ARRIVAL?
YES. TELL THE CHIEF
TO SEND THE BOY
BACK TO HIS CELL.
I THINK I KNOW
OF A BETTER WAY
TO FIND THE INFORMATION
I SEEK.
HA! HAVE A NICE TRIP!
HMM. HEH!
YOU LOOK HORRIBLE!
WHAT'D THEY DO TO YOU?!
[GROAN]
NOTHING.
JUST RAN SOME TESTS.
TESTS?!
THEY MUST HAVE BEEN
LOOKING FOR A MARK
THAT APPEARED ON MY ARM
WHEN THAT DRAGON SHOWED UP
AT THE KAIBA DOME.
THEY'RE LOOKING FOR
THE MARK OF THE DRAGON?
[COUGH]
HUH?
UH.
YOU MUST BE A SIGNER,
YUSEI!
SIGNER?
I HEARD ABOUT THEM
LONG AGO!
I THOUGHT THE WHOLE THING
WAS JUST A LEGEND!
BUT NOW, THE TALE
OF THE PEOPLE OF THE STARS
MAY ACTUALLY BE TRUE!
YOU SEE, LONG AGO,
THERE WAS A TRIBE.
THEY WERE BRAVE, AND THEY
WORSHIPPED A CRIMSON DRAGON.
AND SOME COULD EVEN
SUMMON THE BEAST!
THEY'RE CALLED SIGNERS.
THERE WERE
5 SUCH WARRIORS,
AND EACH HAD THE MARK
OF A DIFFERENT DRAGON
THAT THEY COULD CALL FORTH
TO AID THEM IN BATTLE!
YUSEI, DON'T YOU SEE!
YOU'RE ONE OF THEM!
ME A SIGNER?!
SO YOU THINK THAT
I ACTUALLY CALLED OUT
THIS CRIMSON DRAGON?
THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT I THINK.
AND AS LEGEND
WOULD HAVE IT,
THE MYSTICAL POWERS
OF THE 5 DRAGONS
WERE EVENTUALLY SEALED
INTO 5 DIFFERENT
DUEL MONSTER CARDS!
EH.
WHICH MEANS THAT YOU...
[GASP]
YUSEI! YOU MUST HAVE ONE!
ONE OF THE ANCIENT DRAGONS?!
I'M NOT SO SURE.
WHAT?! WELL, I'VE
NEVER BEEN SO SURE
OF ANYTHING
IN MY ENTIRE LIFE!
YOU'LL LET ME SEE IT,
WON'T YOU?
I DON'T HAVE IT.
[WAILING]
YOU DON'T HAVE IT?!
JUST AS WELL. HEH.
IN HERE, IT WOULD
PROBABLY BE CONFISCATED!
BUT WHY DOES THE CHIEF
EVEN THINK THAT
YOU'RE A SIGNER IN
THE FIRST PLACE, HUH?
UNLESS SOMEONE TOLD HIM.
Jack, thinking:
THERE'S NO WAY A LOSER LIKE
ME COULD BE A SIGNER?
HOW DOES GOODWIN EXPECT ME
TO SAVE THE WORLD
WHEN I CAN'T EVEN SAVE MYSELF
FROM LOSING TO THE LIKES
OF YUSEI?
MR. ATLAS?
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
I'M SORRY.
I DIDN'T MEAN
TO INTERRUPT.
BUT, UM, YOU SEE,
I'VE GOT A BREAKDOWN
FOR TOMORROW'S DUEL.
I WON'T BE NEEDING IT,
MINA,
BECAUSE I'M NOT
DUELING ANYONE
UNTIL YUSEI GETS OUT!
MY RANK MEANS NOTHING
ANYMORE.
BECAUSE HE BEAT ME! ME!
AND UNTIL WE HAVE A REMATCH,
I'M THROWING IN MY CARDS!
BUT, MR. ATLAS,
YOU HAVE A CONTRACTUAL
RESPONSIBILITY
TO YOUR SPONSORS!
YOU THINK I CARE?!
I DUEL FOR ME!
NOT SOME FAT CAT
HOLDING A CHECKBOOK!
[GASP]
[GROWL]
DON'T YOU REALIZE
THAT DUELING
IS MORE THAN JUST
PAYDAYS AND TROPHIES?
FUNNY. THE ONLY ONE WHO
UNDERSTANDS IS YUSEI.
[THINKING]
I WONDER IF YANAGI REALLY
KNOWS WHAT HE'S TALKING ABOUT?
DO I REALLY HAVE THE MARK
OF THE CRIMSON DRAGON?
Chief: ZIP IT, EVERYBODY!
GOOD. NOW THAT I HAVE
YOUR UNDIVIDED ATTENTION,
ALLOW ME TO INTRODUCE
THE DIRECTOR GENERAL
HIMSELF,
MR. REX GOODWIN.
HE'S HERE TO SHED
SOME LIGHT ON A NEW PROGRAM
THAT HE'LL BE IMPLEMENTING
HERE AT THE FACILITY
OVER THE NEXT FEW WEEKS.
WE'RE HOPING THAT SOMEONE HERE
HAS THE MARK OF A CHAMPION.
HUH!
[CROWD CHEERING]
Announcer:
DUELISTS YOUNG AND OLD,
PROFESSIONAL AND AMATEUR ALIKE,
WELCOME TO THE KAIBA DOME!
NOW LET'S GET READY TO REV
THINGS UP!
WE'VE GOT AN UNPRECEDENTED
REMATCH TODAY, SO STAY TUNED!
MR. ATLAS?
IF IT MEANS ANYTHING,
YOU'VE MADE THE RIGHT
CHOICE TO DUEL TODAY.
NOW LET'S PUT ALL
THIS YUSEI BUSINESS
BEHIND US
AND MOVE ON.
[GRUNT]
[GULP]
I'LL MOVE ON WHEN
I'M GOOD AND READY.
OF COURSE.
I ONLY MEANT THAT...
SAVE IT, MINA!
I HAVE A DUEL TO PREPARE FOR.
[THINKING]
BECAUSE THE LAST THING
ANYONE WOULD WANT
IS FOR ME TO LOSE AGAIN.
ALL RIGHT! NOW LET'S GIVE IT
UUUUUP, FOR THE ONE, THE ONLY
HUNTER PACE!
COM'OUT, COM'OUT, JACK ATLAS!
ITZ'YUR OLD FRIEND!
AND HUNTER PACE'S GOT A SCORE
TO SETTLE!
I'M WINNING MY TITLE BACK,
PRETTY BOY!
[CROWD CHEERING]
[GRUNT]
AND NOW, PLEASE WELCOME,
THE UNDEFEATED, UNDISPUTED
DUEL CHAMPION OF THE WORLD!
THE MASTER OF FASTER,
THE ONE, THE ONLY JACK ATLAS!
[CROWD CHEERING]
WHAT SAY WE KICK THIS TURBO
DUEL INTO OVERDRIVE!
YEAH!
Announcer: DOES JACK ATLAS
HAVE THE MOVES THAT MATTER
TO TAKE DOWN HUNTER PACE'S
NEW DECK?
THE WORD ON THE CIRCUIT IS THAT
ITS POWERFUL, IT'S MEAN,
AND IT'S HOTTER THAN HOT!
IF EVERYONE HERE WANTS A SHOW,
THEN I'LL GIVE THEM A SHOW!
All:
GO, JACK! GO, JACK! GO, JACK!
Jack, thinking:
GO ON, CHEER.
SCREAM YOUR LUNGS OUT.
BUY SEASON TICKETS.
CROWD AROUND YOUR TELEVISIONS
TO WITNESS THIS DECEIT.
HEH. IT'S ALL A WASTE.
YOU CAME TO SEE A CHAMPION?
WELL, HE'S STUCK
IN A CELL SOMEWHERE.
BUT IF YOU WANT A SHOW,
STEP RIGHT UP,
I'M THE ALL-SINGING, ALL-DANCING
RUNNER-UP OF NEW DOMINO CITY.
Announcer: JACK ATLAS
AND HUNTER PACE ARE
AT THE STARTING BLOCKS.
NOW LET'S MAKE SOME NOISE,
NEW DOMINO!
ARE YOU READY TO TURBO DUEL??!!
I THINK IT'S FINALLY TIME TO
GET THINGS STARTED, DON'T YOU?!
I'LL FIRE THINGS UP!
Computer: DUEL MODE ENGAGED.
AUTOPILOT STANDING BY.
TURBO DUELISTS.
COUNTDOWN INITIATED.
READY, SET, DUEL.
HEY, HUNTER!
WATCH THIS!
DARK RESONATOR, PUT UP
THE "BIG-D!"
[GROWLING]
Computer: DARK RESONATOR
IS A DARK ATTRIBUTE FIEND TYPE
TUNER MONSTER
THAT CANNOT BE DESTROYED
IN BATTLE ONCE A TURN.
Announcer: JACK ATLAS IS OFF TO
AS STRONG A START
AS I HAVE EVER SEEN.
I THINK HE'S TRYING TO LET
HUNTER PACE KNOW
THAT THIS TITLE IS HIS
AND HIS ALONE!
HEH! SO IS THAT
SUPPOSED TO SCARE ME?!
NO, BUT THESE TWO FACEDOWNS
SHOULD DO THE TRICK!
Announcer: HUNTER
HAD BETTER BE CAREFUL,
OR ONE OF THOSE FACEDOWNS COULD
LEAD TO AN EARLY EXIT
FOR THE FORMER CHAMP.
GOOD EVENING, EVERYONE.
IF YOU WILL ALLOW ME A FEW
MOMENTS OF YOUR TIME,
I WILL EXPLAIN THE DETAILS
OF THE PILOT PROGRAM
THAT CHIEF ARMSTRONG
MENTIONED EARLIER.
I'M SURE THAT MANY OF YOU FEEL
THAT YOU HAVE BEEN DEALT
A BAD HAND IN LIFE,
BUT I HOPE TO CHANGE THAT.
IN FACT, FOR ONE PERSON HERE,
NEW OPPORTUNITIES
ARE A HANDSHAKE AWAY.
YOUR EXPERIENCES IN LIFE CAN BE
OF GREAT SERVICE TO THE CITY.
AND THAT IS WHY I HAVE DECIDED
TO SELECT ONE OF YOU
TO TAKE UNDER MY WING.
AND SHOULD THAT PERSON PROVE
HIMSELF HELPFUL
TO ME AND THE CITY,
THEN I WILL BE MORE THAN
HAPPY TO RETURN THE FAVOR...
LIKE, SAY, A FULL PARDON,
FOR EXAMPLE.
A CLEAN RECORD,
PERHAPS EVEN AN INVITE
TO LIVE HERE
IN NEW DOMINO CITY.
AND NOW ITS JUST A MATTER OF
PICKING ONE OF YOU HERE
TO COME AND ASSIST ME.
DON'T GO LOSING
YOUR COOL, JACK, OK?
'CAUSE NOW IT'S MY TURN,
AND I'M PLANNING ON
TURNING UP THE HEAT
IN THIS PLACE, "CHAMP!"
STARTING WITH
SKULL CONDUCTOR!
SEE, LOSING TO YOU
LAST TIME
CAUSED ME
A LOT OF PAIN,
BUT THAT WAS NOTHING
COMPARED TO THE AGONY
THAT THIS MONSTER CARD
IS ABOUT TO ORCHESTRATE!
BECAUSE AS SOON AS
I SEND OL' BONEY HERE
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I CAN SUMMON OUT
TWO ZOMBIE TYPE
MONSTERS
WHO ARE JUST DYIN' TO
BURN UP SOME OF
YOUR LIFE POINTS!
HA HA HA!
SAY HELLO TO MY TWO
BURNING SKULLHEADS!
Announcer: AND IT LOOKS LIKE
HUNTER PACE IS GOING ALL OUT
TO MAKE SURE THAT THIS DUEL
DOESN'T END UP LIKE
THEIR LAST REMATCH.
THEY SAY THAT TWO HEADS
ARE BETTER THAN ONE,
AND I COULDN'T
AGREE MORE,
ESPECIALLY SINCE YOU
LOSE A THOUSAND
LIFE POINTS
FOR EACH SKULL HEAD
I HAVE ON THE FIELD!
LOOKS LIKE I'M HALFWAY
TO MY VICTORY LAP,
DOESN'T IT, JACK?!
[GROANING]
[GASPING]
JACK!
OH, DEAR!
I CAN'T BEAR TO
WATCH THIS UNFOLD.
WELL, THEN KEEP
YOUR EYES COVERED,
'CAUSE THERE'S
LOTS MORE TO COME!
AND I'LL START
BY RELEASING MY BURNING
SKULLHEADS
IN ORDER TO
SUMMON SKULL FLAME!
Announcer: HUNTER PACE CERTAINLY
HAS BROUGHT HIS "A" GAME
WITH HIM TODAY, FOLKS,
AND IT LOOKS LIKE HE'S GOING TO
DO EVERYTHING IN HIS POWER
TO MAKE JACK SWEAT THIS ONE OUT.
NOW LETS SEE WHAT
HE'S GONNA FIRE UP NEXT.
WELL THIS SHOULD
SEND A SIGNAL
TO THE WORLD
THAT JACK'S
NUMBER ONE RANK IS ABOUT
TO GO UP IN SMOKE!
ANOTHER BURNING SKULL HEAD?!
SOMETHING TELLS ME HUNTER'S GOT
A BONE TO PICK WITH JACK ATLAS!
BURNING SKULL HEAD,
ATTACK!
[GRUNTING]
OUR CHAMP'S DOWN TO HIS LAST
THOUSAND LIFE POINTS!
IT SEEMS LIKE WE ALL MIGHT BE
WITNESSING
JACK ATLAS' UNDEFEATED STREAK
COME TO AN END!
HEAR THAT, ATLAS?
SOUNDS TO ME
LIKE YOUR FANS
HAVE ALREADY CHALKED
THIS ONE UP AS
A LOSS FOR YOU!
HEH HEH!
SO HAVE I,
BECAUSE I'VE GOT
A LITTLE SURPRISE
WAITING FOR
YOU NEXT TURN:
I GET TO SUMMON
ANOTHER BURNING
SKULL HEAD.
THAT MEANS A THOUSAND
LESS LIFE POINTS
FOR YOU,
AND A CHAMPIONSHIP TITLE
FOR ME!
HEH HEH HEH!
DON'T LOOK SO GLUM,
JACK.
IF YOU EVER MISS
YOUR TITLE,
FEEL FREE TO CONTACT
MY AGENT FOR A REMATCH!
I'M SURE HE'LL BE ABLE
TO FIT YOU IN
IN A YEAR OR TWO.
WHEN YOU TOOK MY TITLE,
I LOST MY SPONSORS,
MY PAYCHECKS,
MY HOUSE,
AND ALL MY FANS!
THEY SAY THAT REVENGE IS
A DISH BEST SERVED COLD,
BUT MY BURNING SKULLS
THINK HEATIN' IT UP
WORKS JUST FINE!
Announcer: IT ALL COMES DOWN
TO THIS LAST TURN!
IF JACK CAN'T STOP
HUNTER, HE'S FINISHED!
HUNTER'S NO YUSEI.
HE'S THE SAME SORT OF TRASH
I ALWAYS BEAT.
AND IT'S ABOUT TIME
I TAKE OUT THE GARBAGE!
EVERYBODY, BACK TO YOUR CELLS!
IMMEDIATELY!
THE DIRECTOR'S MADE HIS
DECISION!
COME ON, MOVE IT!
HOLD IT RIGHT THERE, YUSEI.
YOU'RE THE ONE THE DIRECTOR
HAS CHOSEN.
CAREFUL, YUSEI.
SO TELL ME, MR. FUDO,
WHAT DO YOU THINK ABOUT
THE LITTLE EXPERIMENT
THAT I'VE PROPOSED?
I DON'T WANT
ANY PART OF IT.
YOU'LL TAKE PART,
AND YOU'LL LIKE
IT, YOU INSU...
OH, COME NOW, YUSEI.
I KNOW YOU WANT
SOME ANSWERS.
HUH? WHAT KIND OF ANSWERS,
GOODWIN?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
DON'T ACT SO COY, YUSEI
I KNOW ALL ABOUT
THAT MARK OF THE DRAGON
THAT APPEARED
ON YOUR ARM.
REALLY?
THEN TELL ME
WHAT YOU KNOW ABOUT IT.
WHAT DOES IT MEAN?
THAT IS WHAT I'M HOPING TO
UNCOVER WITH YOUR HELP.
I CAN'T DO IT ALONE.
WELL,
I DON'T BELIEVE YOU.
YOU'RE HIDING SOMETHING.
YOU'RE JUST GONNA USE ME.
OF COURSE!
WE ALL USE EACH OTHER!
LOOK AT OUR CITY!
THE SATELLITE NEEDS
THE TRASH THAT
WE GIVE THEM.
AND THEY RECYCLE IT
FOR ENERGY AND HEAT
THAT WE IN TURN USE,
YUSEI!
IT'S NOT TRASH THAT WE NEED,
IT'S FREEDOM.
FINE! IT'S YOURS!
OH, YEAH? FOR WHAT?
JUST COME WITH ME
SO I CAN STUDY YOUR MARK
OF THE DRAGON.
TOGETHER,
WE MAY BE ABLE TO UNLOCK
THE SECRETS
OF THE SIGNERS!
BUT SAY NO,
AND, WELL,
WITHOUT THAT KNOWLEDGE,
WE HAVE A SPECIAL PLACE
TO SEND YOU TO.
AND THEN WHO KNOWS
WHAT MIGHT HAPPEN TO YOU
ONCE YOU GET THERE?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
WELL,
HERE IN THE FACILITY,
ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE.
I'LL TAKE MY CHANCES.
YES, YOU WILL.
Announcer: WE'RE BACK!
AND JACK ATLAS HAS
THIS ONE CHANCE
TO STAY UNDEFEATED!
ENOUGH WARM-UP.
ITS TIME I KICK
THIS DUEL INTO OVERDRIVE!
AND I'LL START
BY SUMMONING OUT
BIG PIECE GOLEM!
WHAT'S THIS?
IT APPEARS JACK IS
GOING FOR A FACEDOWN!
YOU WANNA "FACEDOWN?"
HOW'BOUT I BLAST YA
OFF YOUR RUNNER!
FUNNY, HUNTER,
BUT HE WHO LAUGHS LAST
LAUGHS BEST
AND MY REVIVAL
GIFT TRAP
SHOULD HAVE ME LAUGHING
ALL THE WAY TO VICTORY
SINCE I CAN NOW SUMMON
A TUNER MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
NEXT I BRING OUT
DARK RESONATOR!
[GROWL]
Announcer: WAIT!
WHAT'S HAPPENING NOW?!
WHY DON'T YOU
TELL ME, PAL?!
THAT'S A SPECIAL EFFECT
OF THE TRAP REVIVAL GIFT!
HUNTER GETS TWO MONSTER TOKENS
ON HIS FIELD,
AND WHO KNOWS WHAT
THOSE TWO HAVE PLANNED?
OH. IS JACK GOING TO
COME BACK?!
WILL HE OVERCOME
CERTAIN DEFEAT?!
WILL HE RETAIN
HIS TITLE AS CHAMPION?!
WILL HE KICK IT INTO
OVER-DRIVE?!
WELL, LET'S FIND OUT,
SHALL WE?!
RESONATOR, TIME TO
UPGRADE OUR GOLEM!
[ROAR]
AND WITH HIM ON MY FIELD,
I CAN SUMMON RED DRAGON
ARCHFIEND!
TALK ABOUT SAVING
THE BEST FOR LAST!
JACK ATLAS UNLEASHES HIS
MOST POWERFUL MONSTER!
NOW, LET'S GET FIRED UP!
THIS ISN'T GOOD.
ARCHFIEND, ATTAAAACK!
OUCH! THAT'S GOTTA HURT!
HUNTER'S SKULL HEAD IS DUST,
OR SHOULD I SAY, SMOKE!
N'THE TOKENS, TOO!
ARCHFIEND'S JUST GETTIN'
WARMED UP!
WOW! NOW, THAT'S WHAT
I CALL A SPECIAL ABILITY!
AS SOON AS IT DESTROYS
ANY MONSTER IN DEFENSE,
ALL THE OTHERS GET A ONE-WAY
TICKET TO THE GRAVEYARD!
NOW, I'LL PLAY MY TRAP:
LINEAGE OF DESTRUCTION!
Computer:
WITH LINEAGE OF DESTRUCTION,
THE NUMBER OF TIMES
YOUR MONSTER CAN ATTACK
IS EQUAL TO THE NUMBER
OF YOUR OPPONENT'S
MONSTERS DESTROYED
WHILE IN DEFENSE MODE.
Announcer: AND IT APPEARS JACK
HAS PLAYED THIS MATCH
WITH THE SKILL AND POISE OF
THE TRUE CHAMPION THAT HE IS.
AND IT SEEMS RED DRAGON
ARCHFIEND IS READY
TO FINISH THINGS OFF!
[ROARING]
HUNTER!
HOPE BY NOW YOU LEARNED
NOT TO PLAY WITH FIRE!
'CAUSE YOUR CAREER'S
ABOUT TO GO UP IN FLAMES AGAIN!
IS IT TOO LATE
TO SAY SORRY?
PLEASE?
GO AHEAD,
BUT I GUARANTEE
IT WON'T HELP YA
AGAINST HIM!
ATTACK,
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND!
SHOW NO MERCY!
AAH!
WHY DON'T YOU LOOK
ON THE BRIGHT SIDE
OF THIS, HUNTER?
YOU MAY LOSE,
BUT AT LEAST IT MAKES
FOR GREAT TELEVISION!
[GRUNTING]
NICE LITTLE DRAGON.
YOU DON'T REALLY
WANT TO ATTACK ME,
DO YA?
AAH!
Announcer:
FLAME ON!
HUNTER PACE IS DOWN
TO HIS LAST 600 POINTS!
DON'T FEEL TOO BAD,
YOU'RE JUST A WARM-UP.
ONCE WE'RE FINISHED,
I'VE GOT A REMATCH WITH
AN OLD FRIEND OF MINE.
SO, THANKS
FOR THE PRACTICE!
HUH?
IT'S TIME
TO LOSE A THIRD TIME!
ARCHFIEND, END THIS!
AAH!
THEY SAY THAT 3 TIMES'
A CHARM, HUNTER,
BUT I HAVE A FEELING
THAT YOUR SPONSORS
WON'T SEE IT THAT WAY.
MAYBE YOU'D BE BETTER OFF
CHANGING BRAKE PADS
FOR A LIVING.
OHH.
Announcer: JACK ATLAS WINS!
IN A DUEL THAT'S SURE TO GO DOWN
IN HISTORY,
JACK TURNS CERTAIN DEFEAT
INTO VICTORY
OVER FORMER CHAMP HUNTER PACE!
WHO'S THE MASTER OF FASTER?
WHO RULES THE DUELS?
THAT'S RIGHT, IT'S ME,
JACK ATLAS!
[ECHOING]
[THINKING]
AND NEXT TIME I MEET YUSEI FUDO,
I'LL PROVE IT,
ONCE AND FOR ALL!